all new quickstart (#810)
akuity/kargo: docs/docs/20-quickstart.mdx

    * kind: v0.17.0
    * k3d: v5.4.9
* [Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/): These instructions were tested with v3.11.2.

> * The `kargo` CLI: Downloaded it from [our releases page](https://github.com/akuity/kargo/releases/latest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `kargo` CLI: Download it from [the releases page](https://github.com/akuity/kargo/releases/latest).
```

     project: default
     source:
       repoURL: ${GITOPS_REPO_URL}
       targetRevision: stage/prod
       path: stages/prod
     destination:
       server: https://kubernetes.default.svc
       namespace: kargo-demo-prod
   EOF
   ```

  If you visit [your Argo CD dashboard](https://localhost:8443), you will notice
  all three Argo CD `Application`s have not yet synced because they're not
  configured to do so automatically, and in fact, the branches referenced by their
  `targetRevision` fields do not even exist yet.

  :::info
  Our three stages all existing in a single cluster is for the sake of
  expediency. A single Argo CD control plane can manage multiple clusters, so
  these could also have been spread across multiple clusters.
  :::

### Hands on with the Kargo CLI

Up to this point, we haven't done anything with Kargo -- in fact everything
we've done thus far should be familiar to anyone who's already using Argo CD and
Kustomize. Now it's time to see what Kargo can do!

1. Begin by logging into Kargo:

  ```shell
  kargo login https://localhost:8444 \
    --admin \

>     --password admin\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --password admin \
```
